# 动名词做主语从句

- doing开头，可能是非谓语动词主动形式，可能是动名词，看句子具体
	Son provides strong evidence that asians indeed can become a great soccer player.
	Providing strong evidence that asians indeed can become great soccer players is what son did.

## 外刊神句

1. > **Relying on A is <u>hardly</u> an ideal approach to B**

   - 否定副词 **Hardly/scarcely/barely/rarely/never/only/seldom**

   1. **(观点句) Relying on** instruments which are, by their very location, vulnerable to being swept away, **is hardly an ideal approach to** tracking impending floods.

   2. **考研例句：**Relying on children themselves who are, by their very age, vulnerable to the virtual world is hardly an ideal approach to gaining knowledge without parents’ company.

   3. I do not think we should use Al in class.

      = Relying on using Al is not an ideal approach for us to learning in class.

2. 积累：**A might/could/would do the job**.  强调动作

   1. **（措施）**A network of seismometers of a sort more usually employed to record earthquakes might **do the job**.

   2. using AI is an ideal approach for us to learning in class.

      = As for students who are wondering how to ==lift the efficiency== of learning in class, using AI might **do the job**.

   3. 考研例句：As for students who are eager to get a grip of situations around the world, convenient access to the Internet would do the job. 

3. **积累** **A was caused by B <u>as a result of C</u>**。C导致B，B导致A

   因为C， using AI导致了效率提升

   1. **（补充论据）This was caused by** deformation of the local crustal rocks **as a result of** the sheer weight of the bulge of water speeding through the valley.

   2. **考研例句：**There is a wealth of evidence showing that bad performance of children in school could be caused by unreasonable behaviors of parents at home as a result of inappropriate habits.

4. ==**积累：A Move B into the driving seat of C**==

   - driving seat 开车的位置——主导地位= dominate、domination

   1. **（第二段总起句）The rapid adoption** of synthetic biology **is moving the biotechnology industry into the driving seat of industrial production** across many previously disparate sectors with downstream consequences for monopoly policy.

   2. **考研例句：**The rapid adoption of battery technology is moving the new energy automobile industry into the driving seat of industrial production.

   3. 孙兴慜证明了亚洲人可以踢好足球

      <u>Son’s good performance in England is moving him into the driving seat of providing evidence that Asians can play soccer well.</u> 

   4. The development of our society has moved AI into the driving seat of lifting our learning efficiency. 

5. ==**积累：This attitude is the opposite of everything <u>that</u> modern science/ education/ values stands for.**==

   1. **考研例句：**The attitude of <u>laughing at</u> others’ enthusiasm about drama is the opposite of everything that modern education stands for.

      **We should not <u>laugh at</u> others.** 

   2. **Relying on using AI is not an ideal approach for us to learning in class.**

      = **The approach to Relying on using AI is ==in the same side== of everything that modern society and education stand for.** 

6. **(提供论据** **) Many books and articles have been written to untangle the many possible threads** that lead to self-image, and **often these books become best sellers**, **indicating that** the subject of self-reflection and self-understanding **is important to many**.

   观点：

   第二段 这个观点 有几个原因

   第一个原因

   提供论据

   1. Relying on using AI is not an ideal approach for us to learning in class.

      = **Many books and articles have been written to illustrate that Relying on using AI is not an ideal approach for us to learning in class, and often these books become best sellers, indicating that this idea is true to many.**

   2. 文化自信 

      Many books and articles have been written to illustrate that we should have confidence in our own cultures, and often these books become best sellers, indicating that this idea is true to many.

   3. The rapid adoption of battery technology is moving the new energy automobile industry into the driving seat of industrial production.

      Many books and articles have been written to illustrate that battery technology has improved evs, and often these books become best sellers, indicating that this idea is true to many.

7. ==**（总起/总结）These views illustrate the extreme polarities in positions that people often take when it comes to the topic of** advertising.== 展示立场多样性

   someone think

   otherone think

   1. **考研例句：** The views in the picture illustrate the extreme polarities in positions that people often take when it comes to the topic of using mobile phones. 
   2. The views in the picture illustrate the extreme polarities in positions that people often take when it comes to the topic of picking different courses.

8. **积累：The advice/idea has been <u>torn up</u>**（否定）

   1. **（否定的观点句）**The usual healthy weight **advice has been torn up** for people who are over 65, at least in the UK.

   2. **考研例句：**The **usual advice** that students should not play computer games at all has been **torn up** among many brain health researchers and psychologists. 

   3. Relying on using AI is not an ideal approach for us to learning in class.

      = We should not use AI for two reasons. 

      First/To begining with, the usual advice that we should use AI to elevate our learning efficiency has been torn up by many scholars. Many books and articles have been written to illustrate that AI is not good/excellent, and often these books become best sellers, indicating that this idea is true to many.

      Second,

9. **A a perennial topic in discussions**
	- perennial topic 永久性的话题
	1. **（背景句）**Efforts to encourage innovation **are a perennial topic in discussions** of how nations can deal with problems and stimulate their economies.  
	2. **Efforts to pick various courses in college are a perennial topic in discussions of how to take advantage of college time. From my perspective, we should do this.** 
	3. **考研例句：** Efforts to protect our traditional cultures are **a perennial topic in discussions** of how we are able to maintain our cultural identity in a situation where other cultures around the world flood into our nation. 

10.  There is <u>a wealth of</u> evidence that +完整陈述句
	- a wealth of 大量的
	1.  **（补充论据）There is a wealth of evidence** from content analyses that the ideal female body showcased on television, in movies, in magazines, and on the internet reflects, indeed embodies, the proposition that “thin is normative and attractive.”
	2. **考研例句：There is a wealth of evidence** from content analyses that the violence images presented on television, in movies, in magazines, and on the internet indeed strengthen the proposition among teenagers that violence equals to bravery. 

12. **积累：The association between A and B is critical/obvious, because it/ which indicates a key area for C.**

    1. **（观点句） The association between** poverty, environment and housing in urban areas **is critical** **because it indicates a key area for** intervention.

    2. **考研例句：** The association between different cultures is critical, because it indicates a high possibility that all of us could enjoy an enriched world. 

    3. Relying on using AI is not an ideal approach for us to learning in class.

       = The association between the use of AI and low learning efficiency is obvious, which indicates a key area for improvement.

    4.  I do not love you.

       The association between you and my miserable life is obvious, which indicates that I should not be in a relationship with you. 

    5. I love you

       The association between you and my wonderful life is obvious, which indicates that you are the whole world to me. 