 **写作逻辑：**

- **我今天踢了足球**
- **我今天干的一件事情是去踢足球**
- **今天让我开心的一件事是去踢足球**
- **我爱你 I love you**
- **我觉得你的观点是对的**

 

**主语从句：宾语从句** **状语从句** **定语从句**

- **状语：修饰动词** **修饰be**
- **定语就是形容词** **一定是用来形容名词的**

**I love this good book deeply**

 **主语从句第一步：**

**你要告诉读者，你要写一个主语从句**

 

**That** **关系连词** **没有意思的** **作用** **后面一定是个句子**

 

- **That +****主谓宾 +** **谓语**
  - That a student is learning English is good 
  - Electric cars are very popular nowadays. 
    - That almost everyone is using electric cars is true. 
    - That electric cars are dominating the vehicle market is        making the headlines everywhere. 
- **关系连词+** **完整句**

**What  n.** **主语** **宾语**

- **What I love in school is my car.** 
- **What makes you happy is my car.** 

**If /when /where /how**  **关系连词**

**How +** **主谓宾**

**Where** **主谓宾**

- **How you learn English intrigues me.**
- **Learning habits from parents are very important for their      children.** 
- **How parents learn something in their daily lives is very      important for their children.**

 

**外刊神句**

- (让步) **It seemed that everyone took it as read that** violent      games increased aggression. 

**积累（注意时态）： It seems that everyone takes it as read that** + 完整陈述句

**考研例句：**It seems that everyone in the drawing takes it as read that they have no responsibility in taking care of their aged father. However…

 

 

- （补充论据）But trying to write a first      draft of history is never easy, and it is made even harder by dint of the      fact that the internet moves quickly and book publishing moves slowly.

**积累： doing sth is never easy, and it is made even harder by dint of the fact that** + 完整陈述句

 

- Electric cars are very popular nowadays.
- Dominating the vehicle market is never easy, and it is made      even harder by dint of the fact that electric cars are everywhere. 
- **考研例句：**Trying to maintain our      unique cultural identity is never easy, and it is made even harder by      dint of the fact that we are experiencing all kinds of cultural shocks      from other countries. 

 

- （过渡句，可用在第二段开头）Yet **the costs**      of weight discrimination **may be even greater than previously thought.**

积累： **the costs of sth may be even greater than previously thought.** 

- **考研例句：**Yet the costs of ignoring      the communication with their child may be even greater than previously      thought.
- **We should not ignore the communication with their child**

 

**介词** **谓语**

**A is behind B**

- （罗列成因）**Behind** the increasingly frenetic **activity are all the catalysts      you would expect** in India: demand from the country's growing      population of well-to-do people, insufficient supply and deterioration of      existing buildings in the harsh climate.

**积累：Behind sth are all the catalysts you would expect: A. B. C**

​    Behind sth (choice, phenomenon, action, activity, situation) is the catalyst you would expect: A.

 

- There are several catalysts for this phenomenon. 
- Behind this phenomenon are several reasons : A, B, and C.

- Behind this phenomenon are several reasons : A, B, and C. 
- **考研例句：** Behind the situation of      giving up too soon is the catalyst you would expect: lack of willpower.

 

- (批判性观点句) Global warming **is very likely to be partly to blame**, making      the heatwaves hotter than they would otherwise have been.

**积累：Sth is very likely to be partly to blame**

- **考研例句：**The bad habits of parents      are very likely to be partly to blame, making their children easier to be      addicted to cellphones and computer games than they would otherwise have      been. 

 

- (观点总起句，接着罗列原因) That sign languages are thriving should **be welcomed for      many reasons**, including the cognitive benefits that learning them      brings.

  积累:  **sth should be welcomed for many reasons**

 **sth should not be welcomed for many reasons**

 

-   **考研例句：**The cultural hot pot      should be welcomed for many reasons. Firstly；Secondly；Thirdly

 

- （总结句）**It is too early to say      what good** the technology **will do, but this      alone gives one reason to be optimistic.**

积累：**It is too early to say what good sth. will do, but this alone gives one reason to be optimistic.**

- **考研例句：**It is too early to say      what good the cultural hot pot will do, but this alone gives one reason      to be optimistic. (this是前面说的内容)
- **Electric cars can protect our environment.** 
- It is too early to say what good Electric cars will do, but      their existence alone gives us one reason to be optimistic about      protecting our environment. 
- 支持国际贸易

 

- （观点句/结尾句）Cities have enormous potential      for improving people’s lives, but inadequate urban management, often      based on inaccurate perceptions and information, **can turn opportunity      into disaster**.

积累: **sth can turn into disaster**

**Is bad should not do this**

 

- **Electric cars can protect our environment.**
- **Electric cars can turn our fantasy of protecting our      environment into a possible reality.**
-  **考研例句：**It is worth bearing in      mind that everyone has potential to be successful, but giving up halfway      up the peak can turn opportunity into disaster. 

 

- **(****图表题) Interest** in hosting the      five-ringed circus **waned** in the 1970s after a series of games      tainted by terrorist attacks, crippling debt and boycotts.

**积累： Interest in sth wanes.**

 

- **There are fewer people who are using traditions cars.** 
- **Interest in using traditional cars is waning for fewer people.**
- **考研例句： Interest** in doing part-time jobs **has waned** in the last twenty      years among university students, with the proportion dropping from 40% to      20%. 

 